README.md, before:

# Dotfiles & Configurations

> These are my `dotfiles`. There are many like them, but these ones are mine.
>
> My `dotfiles` are my best friends. They are my life. I must master them as I master my life.
>
> My `dotfiles`, without me, are useless. Without my `dotfiles`, I am useless.

## Deploy

I use a [bare git repo](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/dotfiles) to manage these files, as I think it's simply and *fairly* system agnostic:

```sh
curl -Lks https://julianorchard.co.uk/bin/install.sh | /bin/bash
```

## Featured Scripts

The list below is generated by `.bin/readme-details.py`!

### Install-Fonts.ps1 <sup>[file](.bin/Install-Fonts.ps1)</sup>

Install some of my favourite (and most relevant to this set of dotfiles) fonts: - [Anonymice NF](https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts/) - [Fira Code](https://github.com/tonsky/FiraCode/) - [Fira Code Mono Italic](https://github.com/zwaldowski/Fira/raw/zwaldowski/mod-new/otf/)

### Wallpaper-Set.ps1 <sup>[file](.bin/Wallpaper-Set.ps1)</sup>

This wallpaper setter uses ImageMagick to add text with the current time before setting it as the wallpaper.

I don't really use this anymore, but it worked really nicely at one point.

### callsign.py <sup>[file](.bin/callsign.py)</sup>

A fun script to write.

### cmdrc.bat <sup>[file](.bin/cmdrc.bat)</sup>

This is a method of having a custom prompt in CMD. It's opened by AutoHotkey (see ahk/general.ahk for more information).

### commit.ps1 <sup>[file](.bin/commit.ps1)</sup>

Should only be used until learnt properly (I don't really use it anymore). Used for creating semantic commits. Text taken from this Gist: https://gist.github.com/joshbuchea/6f47e86d2510bce28f8e7f42ae84c716

### config.bat <sup>[file](.bin/config.bat)</sup>

The command used to manage the bare repo: ```cmd git --git-dir=%HOME%/.dotfiles/ --work-tree=%HOME% ``` ... for use in the Windows CMD.

### drives.bat <sup>[file](.bin/drives.bat)</sup>

Add shortcuts to available drives.

### font-install-arch <sup>[file](.bin/font-install-arch)</sup>

Shell script to quickly install fonts, from online, on my ThinkPad x220. But obviously *may* work on many nix systems.

### git-commit-date-fix.sh <sup>[file](.bin/git-commit-date-fix.sh)</sup>

Use this script to fix commit dates on recent git commits. You can specify looking at more historic commits by inputting an integer as an argument, for example, this will show 20 of the most recent commits for you to select from (default is 5): ```sh $ ./git-commit-date-fix.sh 20 ``` The other thing you can do is include a string argument. This will be used to change the git command used (for example, my `config` custom bash function).

### install.sh <sup>[file](.bin/install.sh)</sup>

Install the dotfiles. Edited from the [original source](https://bitbucket.org/durdn/cfg/src/master/.bin/install.sh).

### layout <sup>[file](.bin/layout)</sup>

Set default screen layouts using xrandr and resetting the wallpaper, basically.

### ll.bat <sup>[file](.bin/ll.bat)</sup>

`dir` isn't it my muscle memory at all.

### pm-cal.py <sup>[file](.bin/pm-cal.py)</sup>

Simply returns your next ical event from Proton Calendar.

### psrc.ps1 <sup>[file](.bin/psrc.ps1)</sup>

A small powershell configuration file with a few custom functions.

### readme-details.py <sup>[file](.bin/readme-details.py)</sup>

This is the script that generates what you might be reading *now*! It scrapes the `.bin/` folder and gets the text under the *'description'* heading (above). It's pretty simple, but nice to give an overview of what files are in this repo.

### refreshprompt.bat <sup>[file](.bin/refreshprompt.bat)</sup>

The main use case for this being whenever we change Git profiles. This isn't something I do as often as I used to.

### seo-kw-audit <sup>[file](.bin/seo-kw-audit)</sup>

This is a simple tool used to generate a little CSV report on keywords. The only places it looks (at the moment) are in `<title>` and `<h1>` tags. It is also mainly configured to look at `.php` files, as this is what was required for my work.

### shortcuts.bat <sup>[file](.bin/shortcuts.bat)</sup>

Use this script to create a shortcut to the current folder you're in. I've found this especially useful for CMD navigation.

## Contributing

These are my personal dotfiles. If you want to fork this repo and use them, that's absolutely fine, but (unless you find a breaking change) I probably won't be accepting PRs.

## License

Everything here, unless otherwise stated, is under the MIT License. See [License](/LICENSE) for more information.

## Credits

These credits don't cover every resource that has helped me on my way to these configurations, but they're hopefully giving credit to some of the biggest influences on them...

#### Emacs

- [Daviwil's literate dotfiles](https://github.com/daviwil/dotfiles) and [his Emacs From Scratch series](https://github.com/daviwil/emacs-from-scratch) (which is what got me into Emacs in the first place!)
- [Tecosaur's config](https://tecosaur.github.io/emacs-config/config.html); *the most beautiful literate configuration I've ever seen*
- Even though I don't use it direcitly, [Doom Emacs](https://github.com/doomemacs/doomemacs) has been a massive help
- [RedGuardToo's](https://github.com/redguardtoo/emacs.d) dotfiles, plus his [Mastering Emacs in One Year](https://github.com/redguardtoo/mastering-emacs-in-one-year-guide) Guide
- [MatthewZMD's M-Emacs](https://github.com/MatthewZMD/.emacs.d)
- [Protesilaos'](https://protesilaos.com/emacs/dotemacs) great Emacs tips, packages (especially themes), and [YouTube videos](https://www.youtube.com/@protesilaos)

#### Vim

- [Tim Pope](https://github.com/tpope), for obvious reasons
- The dotfiles of [Daniel Hahler](https://github.com/blueyed)

#### Windows

- [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/) for their very useful [`refresh.cmd`](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/blob/develop/src/chocolatey.resources/redirects/RefreshEnv.cmd)

Commit message:

feat: add github action
Signed-off-by: Julian Orchard <hello@julianorchard.co.uk>

README.md, after:

# Dotfiles & Configurations

> These are my `dotfiles`. There are many like them, but these ones are mine.
>
> My `dotfiles` are my best friends. They are my life. I must master them as I master my life.
>
> My `dotfiles`, without me, are useless. Without my `dotfiles`, I am useless.

## Deploy

I use a [bare git repo](https://www.atlassian.com/git/tutorials/dotfiles) to manage these files, as I think it's simply and *fairly* system agnostic:

```sh
curl -Lks https://julianorchard.co.uk/bin/install.sh | /bin/bash
```

## Featured Scripts

The list below is generated by `.bin/readme-details.py`!

### Install-Fonts.ps1 <sup>[file](.bin/Install-Fonts.ps1)</sup>

Install some of my favourite (and most relevant to this set of dotfiles) fonts: - [Anonymice NF](https://github.com/ryanoasis/nerd-fonts/) - [Fira Code](https://github.com/tonsky/FiraCode/) - [Fira Code Mono Italic](https://github.com/zwaldowski/Fira/raw/zwaldowski/mod-new/otf/)

### callsign.py <sup>[file](.bin/callsign.py)</sup>

A fun script to write.

### cmdrc.bat <sup>[file](.bin/cmdrc.bat)</sup>

This is a method of having a custom prompt in CMD. It's opened by AutoHotkey (see ahk/general.ahk for more information).

### config.bat <sup>[file](.bin/config.bat)</sup>

The command used to manage the bare repo: ```cmd git --git-dir=%HOME%/.dotfiles/ --work-tree=%HOME% ``` ... for use in the Windows CMD.

### drives.bat <sup>[file](.bin/drives.bat)</sup>

Add shortcuts to available drives.

### font-install-arch <sup>[file](.bin/font-install-arch)</sup>

Shell script to quickly install fonts, from online, on my ThinkPad x220. But obviously *may* work on many nix systems.

### git-commit-date-fix.sh <sup>[file](.bin/git-commit-date-fix.sh)</sup>

Use this script to fix commit dates on recent git commits. You can specify looking at more historic commits by inputting an integer as an argument, for example, this will show 20 of the most recent commits for you to select from (default is 5): ```sh $ ./git-commit-date-fix.sh 20 ``` The other thing you can do is include a string argument. This will be used to change the git command used (for example, my `config` custom bash function).

### install.sh <sup>[file](.bin/install.sh)</sup>

Install the dotfiles. Edited from the [original source](https://bitbucket.org/durdn/cfg/src/master/.bin/install.sh).

### layout <sup>[file](.bin/layout)</sup>

Set default screen layouts using xrandr and resetting the wallpaper, basically.

### ll.bat <sup>[file](.bin/ll.bat)</sup>

`dir` isn't it my muscle memory at all.

### pm-cal.py <sup>[file](.bin/pm-cal.py)</sup>

Simply returns your next ical event from Proton Calendar.

### psrc.ps1 <sup>[file](.bin/psrc.ps1)</sup>

A small powershell configuration file with a few custom functions.

### readme-details.py <sup>[file](.bin/readme-details.py)</sup>

This is the script that generates what you might be reading *now*! It scrapes the `.bin/` folder and gets the text under the *'description'* heading (above). It's pretty simple, but nice to give an overview of what files are in this repo. Run with a GitHub Action. See `.github/workflows/main.yaml` for more.

### refreshprompt.bat <sup>[file](.bin/refreshprompt.bat)</sup>

The main use case for this being whenever we change Git profiles. This isn't something I do as often as I used to.

### seo-kw-audit <sup>[file](.bin/seo-kw-audit)</sup>

This is a simple tool used to generate a little CSV report on keywords. The only places it looks (at the moment) are in `<title>` and `<h1>` tags. It is also mainly configured to look at `.php` files, as this is what was required for my work.

### shortcuts.bat <sup>[file](.bin/shortcuts.bat)</sup>

Use this script to create a shortcut to the current folder you're in. I've found this especially useful for CMD navigation.

## Contributing

These are my personal dotfiles. If you want to fork this repo and use them, that's absolutely fine, but (unless you find a breaking change) I probably won't be accepting PRs.

## License

Everything here, unless otherwise stated, is under the MIT License. See [License](/LICENSE) for more information.

## Credits

These credits don't cover every resource that has helped me on my way to these configurations, but they're hopefully giving credit to some of the biggest influences on them...

#### Emacs

- [Daviwil's literate dotfiles](https://github.com/daviwil/dotfiles) and [his Emacs From Scratch series](https://github.com/daviwil/emacs-from-scratch) (which is what got me into Emacs in the first place!)
- [Tecosaur's config](https://tecosaur.github.io/emacs-config/config.html); *the most beautiful literate configuration I've ever seen*
- Even though I don't use it direcitly, [Doom Emacs](https://github.com/doomemacs/doomemacs) has been a massive help
- [RedGuardToo's](https://github.com/redguardtoo/emacs.d) dotfiles, plus his [Mastering Emacs in One Year](https://github.com/redguardtoo/mastering-emacs-in-one-year-guide) Guide
- [MatthewZMD's M-Emacs](https://github.com/MatthewZMD/.emacs.d)
- [Protesilaos'](https://protesilaos.com/emacs/dotemacs) great Emacs tips, packages (especially themes), and [YouTube videos](https://www.youtube.com/@protesilaos)

#### Vim

- [Tim Pope](https://github.com/tpope), for obvious reasons
- The dotfiles of [Daniel Hahler](https://github.com/blueyed)

#### Windows

- [Chocolatey](https://chocolatey.org/) for their very useful [`refresh.cmd`](https://github.com/chocolatey/choco/blob/develop/src/chocolatey.resources/redirects/RefreshEnv.cmd)
